Automatically Follow Thread config setting surfaced in System Console (#5520)
mattermost/docs: source/configure/configuration-settings.rst

| This feature's ``config.json`` setting is ``"LoginButtonTextColor": ""`` with string input.                                   |
+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

Automatically Follow Threads
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

|all-plans| |self-hosted|
 
.. important::

>     This setting must be enabled to support `Collapsed Reply Threads <https://docs.mattermost.com/channels/organize-conversations.html>`__, and this setting may impact your database server performance. If you cannot easily scale up and tune your database, or if you are running the Mattermost application server and database server on the same machine, we recommended disabling this configuration setting until Collapsed Reply Threads is promoted to general availability in Q2 2022. Learn more about these `performance considerations here <https://support.mattermost.com/hc/en-us/articles/4413183568276>`__.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    This setting must be enabled to support `Collapsed Reply Threads <https://docs.mattermost.com/channels/organize-conversations.html>`__, and this setting may impact your database server performance. If you can't easily scale up and tune your database, or if you're running the Mattermost application server and database server on the same machine, we recommended disabling this configuration setting until Collapsed Reply Threads is promoted to general availability in Q2 2022. Learn more about these `performance considerations here <https://support.mattermost.com/hc/en-us/articles/4413183568276>`__.
```

**True**: Threads a user starts, participates in, or is mentioned in are automatically followed. A new ``Threads`` table is added in the database that tracks threads and thread participants, and a ``ThreadMembership`` table tracks followed threads for each user and the read or unread state of each followed thread.

**False**: All backend operations for Collapsed Reply Threads are disabled and server performance will not be impacted by the feature. Collapsed Reply Threads (``CollapsedThreads``) cannot be enabled if ``ThreadAutoFollow`` is disabled.    

.. note::

>    Enabling this configuration setting doesn’t retroactively follow threads for actions taken prior to the setting being enabled. For example, threads a user participated in prior to enabling this setting won't be automatically followed. However, if this setting is enabled, and a user adds a new comment on an old thread, they will now automatically be followed to the thread.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Enabling this configuration setting doesn’t retroactively follow threads for actions taken prior to the setting being enabled. For example, threads a user participated in prior to enabling this setting won't be automatically followed. However, if this setting is enabled, and a user adds a new comment on an old thread, they will automatically start following the thread.
```

Collapsed Reply Threads (Beta)
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

|all-plans| |cloud| |self-hosted|

Collapsed Reply Threads offers an enhanced experience for users communicating in threads and replying to messages. Collapsed Reply Threads are available in Mattermost Cloud and from self-hosted Mattermost v5.37 as an early access beta, and is disabled by default. See our `Organizing Conversations using Collapsed Reply Threads (Beta) <https://docs.mattermost.com/channels/organize-conversations.html>`__ documentation to learn more about this feature.

System Admins can set the default appearance of Collapsed Reply Threads for their end users by going to **System Console > Experimental > Features**, then setting **Collapsed Reply Threads** to one of the following options:

**Enabled (Default Off)**: Enables Collapsed Reply Threads functionality on the server. Users can choose to `enable Collapsed Reply Threads <https://docs.mattermost.com/channels/channels-settings.html#collapsed-reply-threads-beta>`__ for their Mattermost account in **Settings > Display > Collapsed Reply Threads (Beta)**.

.. note::

>    Collapsed Reply Threads are in beta. Before enabling this feature, ensure you are well versed with the `known issues <https://docs.mattermost.com/channels/organize-conversations.html#known-issues>`_, particularly relating to database resource requirements and server performance implications. If you cannot easily increase your database size we recommended waiting to enable Collapsed Reply Threads until it is `promoted to general availability in Q2 2022 <https://mattermost.com/blog/collapsed-reply-threads-ga/>`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Collapsed Reply Threads are in beta. Before enabling this feature, ensure you clearly understand the `known issues <https://docs.mattermost.com/channels/organize-conversations.html#known-issues>`_, particularly relating to database resource requirements and server performance implications. If you can't easily increase your database size we recommended waiting to enable Collapsed Reply Threads until it's `promoted to general availability in Q2 2022 <https://mattermost.com/blog/collapsed-reply-threads-ga/>`_.
```
